Dot to Dot Sweep
Copyright (C) 2023 T Cubed Software LLC.
----------------------------------------

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This license is intended to gaurantee access to your copy of the software in
perpetuity. It is a dual-phase license, which means the license will morph
under certain conditions.

If you received your authorized copy of the software under another license
agreement (e.g. a Steam license), you must comply with the terms of that
license. If there is a conflict, that license takes precedence over this one.

Bundled software in this package are used under the terms of their own licenses.
This includes the Steamworks libraries ("steam_api.dll", "libsteam_api.so", and
"libsteam_api.dylib") as well as curl ("curl.exe" and "curl-ca-bundle.crt").
Your use of the bundled software must comply with their license terms
irrespective of the current phase of this license.


Phase 1 License Details
-----------------------

Your copy of this software is licensed for use by you and your immediate
family, defined as your spouse/partner and all of your dependents. If you are a
dependent, this license applies to you as a dependent of your parent/guardian
and all members of your immediate family as described previously. All members
of your immediate family may use the software as long as you retain ownership
of your copy.

You may make multiple copies of the software provided your use of the software
complies with the terms outlined previously.

You may transfer ownership of your copy of the software by providing an
unaltered copy of the original distribution package to the receiving party.
Once they have secured their copy, you relinquish your license to use the
software. The receiving party becomes the licensed user and you are no longer
licensed to use the software.


Phase 2 License Details
-----------------------

When the conditions for phase 2 of the license are met, the software becomes
free software licensed under the following terms:

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must include an unmodified copy of this
       document.
    2. Redistributions in binary form must include an unmodified copy of this
       document.


License Phase Transition
------------------------

In the event that T Cubed Software LLC is legally disbanded or ceases to exist
as an independent entity, this license will shift from Phase 1 to Phase 2. This
shift is meant to gaurantee your access to the software going into the future.
